Do you know it's dangerous for you to do this?
There are our messages outside.
Don't you care about your reputation at all?
Except for your injury
I don't care about anything.
Love
But I care.
Mr. Lu, we are here
Wait for me soon
That's it.
Who are you?
This is the set, you can't enter casually
What are you doing? This is the break room
Director Zhang is inside
Director Zhang is an international director
You can't enter without an appointment.
Director Zhang, then say yes.
The next movie has more
Lu Xue
What are you doing here?
Are you tripping again?
Do you know what a movie is?
Director Zhang's work is art
Art is not stupid like you
The stinky capitalists can control
Senior brother
Brother, you returned to China to inherit the road
What a pity!
We went to school together
The choreographer said it all
You are the most talented student he has ever seen
Why did I suddenly quit the European and American director circles?
So now you know
Why did I give up directing? Is it for you?
Zeng Zeng
Because capital can protect the people I want to protect
Capital can be used at will
You hurt him today
I will give you tenfold